Extend cartridge docs (#1963)
tarantool/cartridge: rst/cartridge_admin.rst

In a master-replica cluster configuration with automatic failover enabled, if
the user-specified master of any replica set fails, the cluster automatically

> chooses one of replica from the priority list and grants it the active master

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chooses a replica from the priority list and grants it the active master
```

> role (read/write). To learn more about details of failover work, see **LINK**

Reviewer: **LINK**?

Reviewer: Also don't forget the ending punctuation.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Failover disabled (default)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> The leader is the first instance according to topology configuration.
> No automatic decisions are taken. You can manually change leader in failover
> priority list or call ``box.cfg{read_only = false}`` on any instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The leader is the first instance according to the topology configuration.
No automatic decisions are made. You can manually change the leader in the failover
priority list or call ``box.cfg{read_only = false}`` on any instance.
```

> To disable it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable failover:
```

Introductory lines for step-by-step instruction should be self-contained because readers tend to skip text parts when scanning the page.

#.  Click **Failover**:

    ..  image:: images/failover-button.png
        :align: left
        :scale: 40%

>     |nbsp|

Reviewer 2: You shouldn't need `nbsp` here. List items are separated with a blank line.

> #.  In the **Failover control** box, click **Disabled**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#.  In the **Failover control** box, select the **Disabled** mode:
```

_Select_ is the correct word for choosing from available options (like combo box or this switch).

    ..  image:: images/failover-disabled.png
        :align: left
        :scale: 40%

    |nbsp|

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Eventual failover (not recommended for production)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

The leader isn’t elected consistently. Every instance thinks the leader is the
first healthy server in the replicaset. The instance health is determined
according to the membership status (the SWIM protocol).
**Not recommended** to use on large clusters in production. If you have highload

> production cluster, use stateful failover with ``etcd`` instead.

Reviewer: I suggest to make this an **Important** box and place right after the heading.
```
..  important::

    The eventual failover mode is **not recommended** for use on large clusters in production.
     If you have a high load production cluster, use the stateful failover with ``etcd`` instead.
```

#.  Drag replicas to their place in the priority list, and click **Save**:

    ..  image:: images/failover-priority.png
        :align: left
        :scale: 40%

    |nbsp|

> To enable it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable eventual failover:
```

#.  Click **Failover**:

    ..  image:: images/failover-button.png
        :align: left
        :scale: 40%

    |nbsp|

> #.  In the **Failover control** box, click **Eventual**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#.  In the **Failover control** box, select the **Eventual** mode:
```

    ..  image:: images/failover-eventual.png
        :align: left
        :scale: 40%

    |nbsp|

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Stateful failover
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Leader appointments are polled from the external state provider.

> Decisions are taken by one of the instances with the ``failover-coordinator``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decisions are made by one of the instances with the ``failover-coordinator``
```

role enabled. There are two options of external state provider:

- Tarantool Stateboard - you need to run instance of stateboard with command
  ``tarantool stateboard.init.lua``. Not recommended to use on large clusters
  in production. If you have highload production cluster, use stateful failover
  with ``etcd`` instead.

- etcd v2 - you need to run and configure etcd cluster. Note that **only etcd v2
  is supported**.

> To enable it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable stateful failover:
```

#.  Run stateboard or etcd

#.  Click **Failover**:

    ..  image:: images/failover-button.png
        :align: left
        :scale: 40%

    |nbsp|

> #.  In the **Failover control** box, click **Stateful**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#.  In the **Failover control** box, select the **Stateful** mode:
```

    ..  image:: images/failover-stateful.png
        :align: left
        :scale: 40%

    |nbsp|

> #.  Check necessary parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#.  Check the necessary parameters.
```

> In this mode you can choose leader by "promote a leader" button in WebUI (or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this mode, you can choose the leader with the **Promote a leader** button in the WebUI (or a
```

Reviewer: It's not clear how to make this GraphQL request.

GraphQL request).

..  image:: images/failover-promote.png
    :align: left
    :scale: 40%

|nbsp|

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Raft failover (beta)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> The replicaset leader is chosen by built-in Raft, then the other replicasets

Reviewer: A link to some explanation what is Raft would be useful.

get information about leader change from membership.
Raft parameters can be configured by environment variables.

> To enable it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the Raft failover:
```

#.  Make sure that your Tarantool version higher than 2.10.0

#.  Click **Failover**:

    ..  image:: images/failover-button.png
        :align: left
        :scale: 40%

    |nbsp|

> #.  In the **Failover control** box, click **Raft**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#.  In the **Failover control** box, select the **Raft** mode:
```

    ..  image:: images/failover-raft.png
        :align: left
        :scale: 40%

    |nbsp|

> #.  Check necessary parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#.  Check the necessary parameters.
```

> In this mode you can choose leader by "promote a leader" button in WebUI (or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this mode, you can choose the leader with the**Promote a leader** button in the WebUI (or a
```

  is supported**.

To enable stateful failover:

#.  Run stateboard or etcd

#.  Click **Failover**:

    ..  image:: images/failover-button.png
        :align: left
        :scale: 40%

    |nbsp|

#.  In the **Failover control** box, select the **Stateful** mode:

    ..  image:: images/failover-stateful.png
        :align: left
        :scale: 40%

    |nbsp|

#.  Check the necessary parameters.

In this mode, you can choose the leader with the **Promote a leader** button in the WebUI (or a
GraphQL request).

..  image:: images/failover-promote.png
    :align: left
    :scale: 40%

|nbsp|

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Raft failover (beta)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

..  important::

    Raft failover in Cartridge is in beta. Don't use it in production.

The replicaset leader is chosen by :ref:`built-in Raft <repl_leader_elect>`,
then the other replicasets get information about leader change from membership.
Raft parameters can be configured by environment variables.

To enable the Raft failover:

> #.  Make sure that your Tarantool version higher than 2.10.0

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#.  Make sure that your Tarantool version is higher than 2.10.0
```

#.  Click **Failover**:

    ..  image:: images/failover-button.png
        :align: left
        :scale: 40%

    |nbsp|

#.  In the **Failover control** box, select the **Raft** mode:

    ..  image:: images/failover-raft.png
        :align: left
        :scale: 40%

    |nbsp|

#.  Check the necessary parameters.

> In this mode, you can choose the leader with the**Promote a leader** button in the WebUI (or a

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this mode, you can choose the leader with the **Promote a leader** button in the WebUI (or a
```

#.  Scroll to the bottom of the **Edit replica set** box to see the list of
    servers. The server on the top is the master.

    ..  image:: images/switch-master.png
        :align: left
        :scale: 40%

    |nbsp|

#.  Drag a required server to the top position and click **Save**.

> In case of eventual failover the new master will automatically enter the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of eventual failover, the new master will automatically enter the
```

Each Tarantool node (``router``/``storage``) provides an administrative console
(Command Line Interface) for debugging, monitoring, and troubleshooting. The
console acts as a Lua interpreter and displays the result in the human-readable

> YAML format. To connect to a Tarantool instance via the console, you can choose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YAML format.

To connect to a Tarantool instance via the console, you can choose
```

one of the commands:

..  code-block:: bash

>     # old-fashioned way

Reviewer: Let's split this code block to a bullet list with three items <description>: <command>. 
Keeping three independent options in a single block is not good because it can't be used as a whole.

Each Tarantool node (``router``/``storage``) provides an administrative console
(Command Line Interface) for debugging, monitoring, and troubleshooting. The
console acts as a Lua interpreter and displays the result in the human-readable
YAML format.

To connect to a Tarantool instance via the console, you can choose
one of the commands:

> #.  Old-fashioned way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Old-fashioned way:
```

Reviewer: This should be an unordered list (bullet list).
Numbered lists show sequential steps.

    ..  code-block:: bash

        $ tarantoolctl connect <instance_hostname>:<port>

> #.  If you have cartridge-cli installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   If you have cartridge-cli installed:
```

    ..  code-block:: bash

        $ cartridge connect <instance_hostname>:<port>

> #.  If you ran Cartridge locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   If you ran Cartridge locally:
```
